- Scraped the data using Python's **request** module, created a classic personal access token for github api for fetching upto aprox. 6000 requests instead of 50, used csv module to write the data to a csv file. Firstly searched for users with city paris and followers above 200 and then searched for their repositories and wrote those data in the required format, also while scraping data people who had worked with multiple companies had to be checked to remove **@** from all the companies. Analyzed the data using **pandas** and **excel**. Surprisingly, a user with more than 1.1k total repositories was also found, this had to be dealt with to reduce to latest 500 repositories only.
- After analyzing data I saw that people in Paris coded more in Python and JavaScript instead of C and C++ as seen in India, Paris has people who are intereseted more in AI, ML and automation in work via creating Scripts. People who were hireable shared their email less than those who had hireable as false.The hireable users were more selected towards their connections,ie had limited connections. Also people who were regular in their github profile had more followers than others. Also writing long bio did't help in gaining followers, but short or clean bio devs had better engagement.
- An advice that I would like to share for developers is that continuos contribution towards open source and other's github work can effectively help in improving their own knowledge as well as gain popularity, A short, well-crafted bio might attract more followers than a lengthy one filled with unnecessary details.
